Update README.md for GitOps role (#63)
fleetdm/fleet-gitops: README.md

1. Clone the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet-gitops), create your own GitHub repository, and push your clone to your new repo. Note that a workflow will run once and fail because the required variables haven't been added (step 2 and 3).

> 2. Add `FLEET_URL` and `FLEET_API_TOKEN` secrets to your new repository's secrets. Learn how [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-a-repository). Set `FLEET_URL` to your Fleet instance's URL (ex. https://organization.fleet.com). Set `FLEET_API_TOKEN` to an API token for an API-only user in Fleet. Learn how [here](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleetctl-cli#create-api-only-user), then, grant it the `GitOps` role via the **Settings** > **Users** page so it can make changes.

Reviewer: @noahtalerman Can you suggest an edit? Free users don't have `GitOps` role -- they need to use `Admin` role.

> 2. Add `FLEET_URL` and `FLEET_API_TOKEN` secrets to your new repository's secrets. Learn how [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-a-repository). Set `FLEET_URL` to your Fleet instance's URL (ex. https://organization.fleet.com). Set `FLEET_API_TOKEN` to an API token for an API-only user in Fleet. Learn how [here](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleetctl-cli#create-api-only-user), then, grant it the `GitOps` role via the **Settings** > **Users** page so it can make changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add `FLEET_URL` and `FLEET_API_TOKEN` secrets to your new repository's secrets. Learn how [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-a-repository). Set `FLEET_URL` to your Fleet instance's URL (ex. https://organization.fleet.com). [Create an API-only user](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleetctl-cli#create-api-only-user) with the "GitOps" role and set `FLEET_API_TOKEN` to your user's API token. If you're using Fleet Free, set the API-only user's role to global admin.
```

@GuillaumeRoss ty! 

What do you think about this? This way, we can reduce words a bit and add a note about what to do if you're Fleet Free.

Author: Yeah makes sense! I had no idea GitOps was a premium only feature, so that is much better.
